In practice 2, I have been able to display the json.

Eed to figure out how to both
    make it display on console.log
    AND
    make it send to me

    ReferenceError: msg is not defined

    have run on load , not /

    maybe test with stmp

        not really work

problem with the key

maybe need to do the simplest js email stuff

or go back and compare with earlier code

7/20

trying to properly wrap the POST into a function. I think that might be a big difference

the api ley is set ip. I just need...something to happen

should try to have the json show up on browser. prove its...there

res.send will send the json...
I need to figure out how to send the json to the email


I managed to get the most MOST basic thing to get a 202...but not send. 
I looked around and a possible answer is the review ticket. I deleted what I think was the issue. I will give it until tomorrow.


7/21

Message queue continuously deferred for too long. See https://sendgrid.com/docs/glossary/throttling/#what-causes-a-deferral

sengrid says it go thte email but SOMETHING is stopping it from going to gmail


possible soluation: new api key
confirm the domain with dns records.
dropped by google
    invalid email address
    blocked email
the dynamic template wasnt set to active
    no error would be shown
change "from email" to "register email"



reputation is fine
sendgrid itself doesnt havea aproblem with it

send yo my email gives 202. send to temp email gives 403
I think its it being FROM gmail that gives it a 202

the records show the temp email not expisting in activity food. may need to make a dummy email. a permenant one



7/21

replaced with proton.me and need to verify the email on sendgrid. 
    getting 403 errors on that. hopefully this will fix that.
    might be a problem with gmail itself.

also, check the stack exchange answere


7/22

used single sender verifictaion
tried with proton mail.
awaiting answer

7/24

There is no sign of protonmail working either. The answer must be with the sendgrid sending itself

There could be a blacklist for sendgrid in general.


7/25

You are trying to send this email behalf of google (gmail.com) domain and every email client will see this as fraudulent email. 
It would literally be same if as I would use your email address to send mails from my computer without any authentication - it wont work.

If you want to use services like mailgun or sendgrid or any other you will need 
to own a domain and and go through verification process where you prove that domain is under your control 
and you are giving rights to mailing service to send mails behalf of your domain (DKIM).

What you do currently is expected - this should never work.

Configure a domain for sender authentication and use that, instead of trying to use an Gmail as the from address.

7/27

I need to configure DMARC records.
    The DMARC record records which domains I can send from         
            sendgridtesting.uk
        If I use sendgridtesting as a "from" for the email address, I get an error.


need to get the keys back

Got back

now "from sendgridtesting.uk" is a 400 response
    bad syntax

Issue: I need the "from" to be an email
I need the DMARC to be a url
If I have the url set up, maybe I can use the url to cause the email to be sent