7/1  
I should use res get to get...
    do I set up the html with it 
        OOORRR
    do I use it to get the inputted info
I should use res send to send the info to an email

I had app.get and app.listen crossing wires with each other, which is why the code didnt work


 
 app.get('/', (req, res) => {
   app.listen(PORT, () => {
    console.log(`Server running on port ${PORT}`);
   });



I figured out path. I use() to set up the route I will want to take. if its direct, use __dirname
    dont forget express.static

Then, I will  use res.send to sedn out the static site 

What I need to do next is to be able to declare variables for the static inputs
I also need a way for the progrma to be able to access them. 

7/2


module.export tells you what to export from another file
    module.exports = divisor
require will import the thing from the other file
    const divisor = require('./declaration.js')


I need to have a way to record inputs

Try having the values based on sendform...will likely need to know "proper order" to have code  
    i suspect it will run in app.js and the first thing will be to import the values from declaration.js


7/3

Body parser is what is needed for processing info from an http request body

action vs onsubmit 
    omsubmit runs js that effects the client
        if dont want a preload, will need preventdefault
    action sends the info to a server
        will reload the page

action="url" is the location where the backend code takes place

I dont think I need a template engine 

const app = express();


I  need to check the site. HAve way to print what was encoded
rember the console log does to the terminal. not the livesercer

req.body helps 
    it can define the inputs, like in the console.log

7/4

there a 202, but I recieve nothing. I will need to hook it up to cloudflare do make sure the sendgrid works. I need a host besides the 3000 localohost

So I need to put the url on sendgrid.
to do that I need to set up on cloudflare.
To do that, I need to change the localhost.
To do that I need to put the url on sendgrid.

Gonna try without first setting up the node. That might help to establish the initial url.

possible issue: I cant have index.html be in a folder besides docs
Made new branch. Will try reploying the pages.

The html locationw as the issue.

soo... I can now deploy to sendgrid



So what I just did was deploy the sendgrid site on cloudflare. that was successful. I need to add a bunch of dns records from sendgrid.
So what I need to do is transfer them
but...
do i send to the cloudflare page or the github page
    likely whichever is easier


I have made the website with cloudflare
    so now I have a source I can send to with sendgrid.
    so now I can stuff all of those dns records in there. 
    then it willl hopefully just be a matter of removing the server name from the code


7/6
require("dotenv").config(); has the error "require is not defined"

the issue is that it seems to binhabit the baseline js code and not node.js

a solutiion MIGHT be to switch to import/export


    added type:module 


I am trying to make the dotenv an import. Using sendgrid version1.


process.loadEnvFile()
I dont need dotenv anymore

import/export updatse means
__dirname is obsolete
require() is obsolete
dotenv is obsolete?